Updated DaaS docs (#2220)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Getting_started/Creating_a_DMS_in_the_cloud.md

---
uid: Creating_a_DMS_in_the_cloud
---

# Creating a DataMiner System in the cloud (DaaS)

> [!TIP]
> If you have any questions or need support with the DaaS feature, contact <daas@dataminer.services>.

With **DataMiner as a Service (DaaS)**, you can create a complete DataMiner System (DMS) in mere minutes. The DataMiner System is fully hosted in the cloud, so that you can immediately enjoy all the benefits of being connected to the [dataminer.services platform](xref:AboutCloudPlatform). As DaaS uses our [Storage as a Service (STaaS) solution](xref:STaaS), you will be able to make use of a scalable and user-friendly cloud-native storage platform. Scaling will be easy, both vertically (adding or removing resource), and horizontally (adding or removing nodes), whenever you need.

## Creating a new DMS on dataminer.services

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > You must be part of an organization to create a new DaaS instance.

Reviewer: "part of" sounds a bit odd here. Could I replace this with "a member of"? I'd also add a link to the explanation of what we mean with "organization" to avoid possible confusion.
```suggestion
> You must be a member of an [organization](xref:Pricing_Usage_based_service#organization) to create a new DaaS instance.
```
